Menghong Chen

Reflection

	My presentation for this semester is a new try for me. I did not go the normal PowerPoint way but try to show real work during the presentation. I only mark down the main point for my presentation on my PowerPoint and show my work. From the feedback I got, I think there are ways for me to improve. 

	For my future presentation, I will make more information on the PowerPoint so that people can catch my presentation easily. And for the real showing, I will try to make the text size much bigger so that everyone in the class can see it clearly, I will also try to speak slowly during real work showing so they easily catch up with me. I need to improve my speaking skills so that everyone can hear my voice and pronunciation clearly. I should also make more eye contact with my classmates. 

	Basic on the feedback I got for this presentation, I do not think that I will restructure the organization of content in my talk because I should prepare well enough for it and made the PowerPoint. If I  restructure the organization of content in my talk, my whole presentation will be messy. That will make my presentation worse. 

	If I was given more time to prepare, I will make a project out and show it out, including the original codes. Because of the way I presented got good feedback for showing out real work, I believe that a real project definitely attracts classmates also. And from Leo's presentation, it makes me feel that strongly. His presentation shows the work he did, and when his project pops out finally, it really makes me think that his presentation is successful. And I can do it in the future also.

	The reason for me to choose this topic is that all the professors teach the theory only, and the classmates who presented before me only talk about the general idea. That made me feel like I wanted to present something that really helps us with saving time and good for us to look for a job after we graduated. So, I will not present the same topic again later. I will look for something that makes me feel useful for real programming, or a project that makes classmates feel like it is hard for them to get similar information at other places. 

	From the feedback for me, I knew that I should zoom in because the letters are tiny in the management studio making it really hard for people to see. I will try to improve my English because I didn't speak as clearly as some other classmates would like. I  should also include screen-shots of step by step of how to do it so that classmates can better understand what I am doing. some people liked how I showed and how to use the software instead of just having slide presentations on it. Someone thought that my presentation was very informative and had a lot of information. And some people think that I need to show more software features, simply recommending this software cannot attract people to use it.

	The feedback from lower quantitative scores seems like he or she knows everything and did not get anything well from my presentation. a higher scores feedback presenter tells that my new try for presentation opened his mind of presenting, not only researching and slides presenting but also gave them a mini demonstration of the Microsoft SQL server management studio. It was a different approach compared to PowerPoint presentations which give them a better practical understanding of SSMS.  

	I learned a lot from the feedback. basic on my presentation, I assume that everyone in our class knows SQL so that I did not want to waste time on introducing what is SQL and how to install the SSMS, I wanted to focus more on what I think is new to everyone. It was my new try for a presentation without introducing the basic information but shows a real program without the slides, and I got some good feedback for it, I will try to keep it. I also got bad feedback and I knew that new trials should basic on a normal presentation so next time, I will make for on the basic information and also make my PowerPoint looks include more information. I will also make more eye contact with my classmates during my presentation. 